feat: user command "preview" (like inccommand) (#18194)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vim_diff.txt

  |:sign-define| accepts a `numhl` argument, to highlight the line number
  |:match| can be invoked before highlight group is defined
  |:source| works with Lua and anonymous (no file) scripts

>   User commands can support live previewing (see |:command-preview|)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  User commands can support |:command-preview| to show results as you type.
```

                "horizdown", "vertleft", "vertright", "verthoriz"
  'foldcolumn'  supports up to 9 dynamic/fixed columns
  'inccommand'  shows interactive results for |:substitute|-like commands

>                 and commands with the preview attribute
>                 (see |:command-preview| for details)

Reviewer: Use help tags like URLs to avoid verbose docs.

```suggestion
                and |:command-preview| commands.
```
